Added Timezone Resource (#5758)
inspec/inspec: docs-chef-io/content/inspec/resources/timezone.md

    identifier = "inspec/resources/os/timezone.md timezone resource"
    parent = "inspec/resources/os"
+++

Use the `timezone` Chef InSpec audit resource to test timezone configurations of the system.

## Availability

### Installation

This resource is distributed along with Chef InSpec itself. You can use it automatically.

## Syntax

A `timezone` resource fetches the timezone configurations of the system and compares the output with the test:

    describe timezone do
      its('property') { should eq 'expected value' }
    end

where

- `'property'` is one of `identifier` , `name` and `time_offset`
- `'expected value'` tests the output of the command run on the system versus the expected output stated in the test

For example:

    describe timezone do
      its('identifier') { should eq 'Asia/Kolkata' }
      its('name') { should eq 'IST' }
      its('time_offset') { should eq '+0530' }
    end

## Properties

### identifier

The `identifier` property returns the location identifier of the timezone.

An example of checking the **identifier** for India Time :

    its('identifier') { should eq 'Asia/Kolkata }

### name

The `name` property returns the name of the timezone.

> An example of checking the **name** of India Time :

Reviewer: I probably read more about time zones for this PR than I should have, but it turns out that these abbreviations aren't standardized and so there are [several ISTs and several CSTs](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_time_zone_abbreviations). Anyway, it looks like this test would pass if a system was set in Ireland, Israel, or India, and the only way to resolve which time zone the system has is to use one of the other properties.

```suggestion
An example of checking the **name** for the IST time zone abbreviation:
```

+++
title = "timezone resource"
draft = false
gh_repo = "inspec"
platform = "linux"

[menu]
  [menu.inspec]
    title = "timezone"
    identifier = "inspec/resources/os/timezone.md timezone resource"
    parent = "inspec/resources/os"
+++

Use the `timezone` Chef InSpec audit resource to test timezone configurations of the system.

## Availability

### Installation

This resource is distributed along with Chef InSpec itself. You can use it automatically.

### Version

This resource first became available in v1.0.0 of InSpec.

## Syntax

A `timezone` resource fetches the timezone configurations of the system and compares the output with the test:

    describe timezone do
      its('property') { should eq 'expected value' }
    end

where

- `'property'` is one of `identifier` , `name` and `time_offset`
- `'expected value'` tests the output of the command run on the system versus the expected output stated in the test

For example:

    describe timezone do
      its('identifier') { should eq 'Asia/Kolkata' }
      its('name') { should eq 'IST' }
      its('time_offset') { should eq '+0530' }
    end

## Properties

> ### identifier

Reviewer 2: How about we call this `location` ?
